Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(gentle orchestral music)
(dramatic orchestral
music)
(audience applauding)
(gentle orchestral music)
(dramatic orchestral
music)
(gentle orchestral music)
(dramatic orchestral
music)
- [Marion] Five-minute
call. Sam. Five minutes.
- Thanks. Marion.
(Sam sighs)
(gentle music)
(bell tolling)
(lively music)
(shoe banging)
(fabric ripping)
(door opens)
(gentle orchestral music)
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
- Sam. No phones side
stage.
Sam-
- Annie.
- Sam. You look so
beautiful.
- I'm about to go on.
- [Annie] What?! Oh. god.
- I'm so nervous.
- Are you crazy? You're gonna
kill it.
- I'll try.
- Just enjoy it. You've
earned it.
- It was yours though. Your
role.
- And it's yours now.
Hey. look what I bought.
Red shoes to celebrate.
- Oh. yes. I love them.
And I love you.
- Sam. 20 seconds.
- Okay.
- Now. remember. when the
curtain drops
and you go on for your
bow...
(dramatic orchestral
music)
- Your big sister is already
proud of you..
(car horn wailing)
(tyres screeching)
(body thuds)
(audience cheering and
applauding)
- Annie?
Annie?!
Annie. answer me!
What's going on? Annie!
Tell me you're okay!
Please.
Please! I'm so sorry!
Talk to me! Are you
there?!
Annie. please answer the
phone!
I'm sorry!
♪ I'm blessed. you ain't cute
♪
♪ You make mess. I make
moves. stop ♪
♪ I don't wanna school
boy.
you keep playing fool. boy
♪
♪ I don't wanna be around you
♪ I'm the best recipe.
you the main enemy ♪
♪ Everybody killin' but you
♪
♪ I could be the moment. you
in the ♪
♪ I don't wanna stress
for less than a savage ♪
♪ I don't wanna mess
around
looking like a playground
♪
♪ I came here to get loose
♪ I ain't needy. I'm just
bossy ♪
♪ You don't need me. you just
want me ♪
♪ You stuck at the club
on Sunday morning ♪
♪ You don't need love.
you need three warnings ♪
♪ I'm blessed. you ain't cute
♪
♪ You make mess. I make moves
♪ You looking me down
like you might claim me ♪
♪ I don't try twice. but
twice might date me ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la low
♪
♪ La la la la la la la la so
- Nah. think about it.
The universe is infinite.
but
everything's tied
together.
You know. like a. like a
chain.
Yeah. like a chain.
You know. every link is
like
this. never been broken.
So. if we're part of that
system.
we're already connected.
Right?
Huh.
And since we're already
connected.
well. your numbers should
already be in my cell.
Hey.
- "Doctor Jackson's
Principles of the
Universe"?
- You got that off
YouTube?
- It doesn't make it any less
true.
- Loser.
(Sam laughs)
- Wait. no. no. no.
Where are you guys going?
All I said was good.
yeah?
Wait. come back. I'm not
done.
Was this close.
(Freddy sighs)
You know. maybe you and
I-
- Uh. okay.
In your dreams. Freddy.
- All right.
(Sam laughs)
- [Eve's Dad] What is going
on?!
- Whoa.
- Eve!
- [Freddy] Time to go.
- Is your dad still mad?
- [Eve] Who cares? Not
like we talk anyway.
- [Sam] Ooh.
High Volume or Ultimate
Potion?
- Oh. darling. Definitely
the Ultimate Potion.
- [Sam] Oh. Try this.
(can sprays)
(Eve coughs)
(Eve chuckles)
- How do you wear that
stuff?
- Well. when it's free...
(Sam sighs)
Wait. Was that paper due
today?
- Yesterday. You skipped.
remember?
- Aw. crap. Did you do
it?
- Yeah.
I just wrote about
consumerism's influence
on the female psyche.
How none of us are ever
really good enough
without the Diors or the
Chanels.
- What? I'm so screwed.
- Okay. way. way more
important than that.
Freddy won't stop talking
about you.
- Uh. no thanks.
- Oh. come on. he's cute.
In like a not all there type
of way.
- Yeah. definitely a big
no.
(both laughing)
Thank you.
- Oh. Yeah. not. not that
way.
(gentle guitar music)
(Sam yelps)
(body thuds)
(Sam exhales)
(Sam chuckles)
- [Sam] 200 hours community
service.
- Not again.
- What do you think she's in
for?
- Misdemeanour assault
with a curling iron.
- I stabbed a barista with a
fork. You?
- Shoplifting.
Let's go. Samantha.
- Mom. I can't just
leave.
- No. it's fine. Sam.
I'm sure my dad will turn up
soon.
- [Jennifer] Samantha.
- I'm fine. Sam.
- Just make sure she doesn't
have a fork.
(Eve chuckles)
- Catch up soon.
- [Jennifer] I would prefer
you didn't.
- Might have no choice. Mrs.
C.
Looks like trash duty for
the next couple months.
"Doing our part for a
cleaner. brighter
tomorrow."
- Now. Samantha.
- Sorry.
- So. how big was the
fork?
(water boiling)
(kettle whistling)
(kettle clicks)
(door closes)
(coffee pours)
- It's all arranged.
- Sure this is a good
idea?
- Want her picking up trash
by the highway
the rest of her life with
that Eve girl?
- I just don't want her to
hurt anymore.
- Neither do I.
I think this is the
only choice we have left
if we don't want to lose her
too.
(sombre piano music)
- Wait.
Where are we going?
Mom.
- I'm not having you pick
up
trash under some
overpass.
- No-
- I'm not having you
fall into that life.
- No. I'm not dancing.
Mom. stop the car.
- [Jennifer] It's too late.
It's decided.
- No. I won't dance.
I'm...
It's not gonna happen. I
can't. not without Annie.
- You're not going there to
dance.
You're going there to
finish your schoolwork.
And bring the Sam I know
back.
When you're not doing
your
schoolwork. you're
cleaning.
That's your community
service.
- Mom. I-
- This way.
you get it done faster in a
safe.
familiar environment
with upstanding people.
- I don't want "familiar" or
"upstanding."
I-
- There's still an entire
future ahead for you.
Samantha. don't you get
it?
- I don't get a choice in it
though?
I mean. did you even think
about
how hard this would be for
me?
Unbelievable.
(emergency brake creaks)
(Jennifer sighs)
- You do have a choice.
Samantha.
You either go in there.
clean mirrors. mop
floors.
and be true to you. the
girl I know and raised.
or you wait till I'm
gone.
pick up garbage with Eve.
rob stores. and get
yourself thrown in jail.
(car door opens)
It's for the best. Sam.
- Whatever.
(car door closes)
(Jennifer sighs)
(gentle piano music)
(doors opening)
(gentle piano music
continues)
(Sam sighs)
- Samantha.
It's so great to see you.
- It's good to see you too.
Ms. Levison.
- Sammy.
Oh. my gosh.
- Hey. Paige.
- [Paige] Hey. It's so good
to see you.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- [Paige] Oh. my gosh.
It's been all too long.
- We saw her yesterday.
- Andrea. Instagram doesn't
count.
- No. TikTok.
- Ha.
(Hannah chuckles)
It's so good to have you
back.
Hasn't been the same without
you.
- Yes. You have far too
much talent not to be
here.
Oh. where are your bags?
- Oh. I'm not. um.
staying.
Um. I'm just finishing
out
the school year. Not
boarding.
- [Paige] Not boarding? So.
not dancing?
- [Ms. Harlow] Not
dancing.
- We're gonna go.
- Mm.
(Paige mumbling)
- That way. Okay.
- Samantha is here as a
favour.
But there are rules.
You will attend your
classes. All of your
classes.
You will clean studios
and performance spaces during
your breaks.
And you will under no
circumstances distract my
students
from reaching their full
potential.
Do I make myself clear?
- [Sam] Yes.
- Yes?
- Yes. Ms. Harlow.
Ms. Harlow. I'm...
- Let's go sort you out.
(upbeat music)
(Sam sighs)
♪ Do you ever feel lost at
home ♪
♪ Ever feel all alone
in crowded situations ♪
♪ 'Cause I do ♪
♪ Do you ever feel tired of
loud ♪
♪ Everybody so damn proud
when
you're lying to their faces
♪
♪ Like I do ♪
♪ It's like one step
forward and two steps back
♪
♪ It's like one more
fall. then I fall back ♪
♪ And they keep saying
it's a cruel. cruel world
♪
♪ It's like one deep
dive. but I can't swim ♪
♪ It's like they give up so I
give in ♪
♪ And you keep saying
I'm not that kinda girl ♪
♪ But what if I am the
worst things they say ♪
♪ I'm not okay ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ Do you ever think what's it
for ♪
♪ Ever lying on your
floor
just planning not to plan it
♪
♪ You can't stand it ♪
♪ Do you ever think what's
the use ♪
♪ If it all ends too soon
♪
[Ms. Harlow] Feel the line.
the back arm
♪ I do ♪
And. one.
♪ It's like one step
forward and two steps back
♪
And four. Lift.
♪ And they keep saying
it's a cruel. cruel world
♪
[Ms. Harlow] ...and
développé
♪ It's like one deep dive
♪
(lid clatters)
♪ It's like they give up so I
give in ♪
♪ And you keep saying
I'm not that kinda girl ♪
♪ But what if I am the
worst things they say ♪
- Again.
♪ I'm not okay ♪
(gentle music)
♪ It's like one step forward
♪
♪ And two steps back ♪
♪ It's like one more
fall. then I fall back ♪
♪ I'm not okay ♪
♪ And they keep saying ♪
♪ It's a cruel. cruel world
♪
♪ I'm not okay ♪
(gentle music)
(cart rattling)
(Sam sighs)
(door opens)
(Andrea sniffs)
(brush scrubbing)
(toilet flushes)
(cupcake thuds)
- It's gluten and
sugar-free.
- [Andrea] I was just
smelling it.
- Okay.
- We thought you were...
Um. Sam. what are you
doing?
- Um. long story.
Short one. actually.
- Everyone seems to be coming
back.
- Have you seen Ben?
- Yeah. I heard he was
kicked
out of the Australian
Company.
- What?
- Wait. What?
- [Paige] Yeah. no one
knows
why Harlow brought him
back.
- Oh. I have a guess.
- He was always one of her
favourites.
- Exactly.
- Anyway. we should get back
to rehearsal.
Come by later? We have
a tonne to catch up on.
- Sure.
(Paige chuckles)
- Bye!
- Bye.
- Oh!
Be careful.
(cart clatters)
(cart rumbling)
(water pouring)
- You missed a bit.
(bottle spraying)
(gentle music)
- Maybe we should be
rehearsing "Cinderella."
I like Prokofiev.
- Ben.
You're back.
- You can leave. but
you're never really gone.
- Yeah.
Uh. so I heard you got in
some trouble.
- You and me both.
- [Sam] Missed a step?
- I wish.
Stayed out late and missed
half the day.
- Ooh.
- Harlow pulled some
strings to get me back.
She thinks a company member
might attract
a more "esteemed
audience."
- Yeah.
Probably a good idea
after.
after last year.
- Hey.
No one blames you for
that.
- Well. Harlow. um.
Gracie-
- Well. I don't.
Not after what you've been
through.
- It was supposed to be
Annie's role. you know?
- She was picked up for
City.
She left. Sam. with Harlow's
blessing.
And Harlow picked you to
replace her.
- Everyone knows that it
should've been Gracie's.
- Gracie's great.
But you and Annie? You're
on a different plane.
- [Sam] Gracie was the
understudy-
- She wasn't ready.
Harlow knew. And you
were.
- What does it matter
now?
- Ben?
Theatre. Come on. we're up in
five.
- On my way.
- [Gracie] Five! Harlow is
waiting.
- Look. Sam. sorry that I
never came back.
- You were with The Aus
Ballet.
Why would you?
- Because I always admired
Annie.
And you.
(gentle piano music)
- Ben! Hurry up!
(door closes)
- Anyway...
It's good to see you.
Sam.
You look good.
- You too.
I mean...
(Sam sighs)
Nice one. Sam.
(bucket rumbling)
(train rumbling)
(gentle orchestral music)
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
- All right. Thank you.
Marcus.
That was lovely. Good. good.
good.
All right. can we take it.
Marcus. to...
♪ Da. da da. da da da da
♪
Just before the lift. I
think.
Couple of bars before the
lift.
Ben. I can see you lifting.
all right?
Just effortless.
Effortless.
She's a twig. Come on.
(gentle music)
(door opens)
♪ I want you ♪
♪ Under my. under my skin
♪
♪ What you do ♪
♪ Wanna fly. wanna fall in
♪
♪ Let's go ocean deep ♪
♪ See you in your low tide
♪
♪ You ignite in me ♪
♪ Everything I try. hide
♪
♪ You're sacred ♪
♪ Swimming in your own light
♪
♪ And I'm wasted ♪
♪ Drinking in your divine
♪
♪ I want you ♪
♪ Under my. under my skin
♪
♪ What we do ♪
♪ Lingering under your lips
♪
♪ I wanna go ocean deep ♪
♪ Know you from your inside
out ♪
♪ You ignite in me ♪
♪ Everything covered in doubt
♪
♪ You're sacred ♪
♪ Swimming in your own light
♪
♪ And I'm wasted ♪
♪ Drinking in your divine
♪
♪ You got me locked in a
shimmering room ♪
♪ I don't know much.
but I wanna know you ♪
♪ You're sacred ♪
♪ In everything I find you
♪
♪ I've been living in the
slipstream. slow and blue
♪
♪ And suddenly. in your beam.
I glow too ♪
- Garbage.
- You didn't tell me you were
so good.
- Eve?
How did you get in here?
- Front door?
Ugh. Sweaty hug.
(Eve chuckles)
- Sorry.
- So. this is your community
service?
It's not bad. And you're
dancing again?
- No.
(Eve chuckles)
No. that was nothing. Believe
me.
I missed you.
- Me too.
- But. uh. you really
shouldn't be in here.
- You're kicking me out
already? I just got here.
(gentle orchestral music)
- You want to see
something?
Shut your mouth and come with
me.
- [Eve] Okay. what are you
implying?
- That you're incapable of
keeping quiet.
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
This is "The Red Shoes."
(frenzied orchestral
music)
It's called "The Dance of
Death."
The shoes are bewitched.
She's alone and cursed to
dance until the day she
dies.
- Whoa. Depressing much?
- The price she pays for
giving in to temptation.
(dramatic orchestral
music)
(frenzied orchestral
- [Ms. Harlow] Right. Stop.
please!
Gracie. What was that?
- Sorry. Ms. Harlow. Just a
bit tired.
- Well. so is Karen.
The red shoes want to
dance. but she doesn't.
But she does not have
choice.
She can't just mark it
through.
(gentle music)
Everyone. on stage. please.
Quickly!
- What's her problem?
- [Sam] Shh.
- This is perhaps the
most important lesson
I will ever teach you.
It is not enough to
merely dance the steps.
You must feel them with
every fibre of your
being.
That is the essence of
performance.
Now. Gracie. think of Karen's
journey.
Her sadness. Her shame.
I want you to really dig
deep.
Make...
Who is out there?!
- Uh. it's just me. Ms.
Harlow.
Um. I was headed backstage to
clean.
- Right. Off you go.
then.
Quietly.
So. Gracie. are you still
tired?
- No. Ms. Harlow.
- Good. We'll leave the
solo there for today.
Let's go to the pas de deux.
please.
Pas de deux. please.
Marcus!
(footsteps pattering)
Places. please.
Thank you!
(gentle orchestral music)
(footsteps pattering)
Feet. feet. feet. feet. feet.
feet. feet!
Sloppy. girls!
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
(Ms. Harlow mumbling)
- Oh!
- Ow!
Ow.
- I'm so sorry.
- Stop. please!
- Dammit. Ben!
- [Ms. Harlow] Clear the
stage. girls.
- [Hannah] Oh. no.
- It's fine. I just need
ice.
Ow!
- I don't think so.
- Let me see.
- I think we need to
take her to a hospital.
- It's fine!
No thanks to you.
- No. it's better to be safe.
Gracie.
All right. thank you.
Hannah.
Let me know what they
say.
No. not you. Ben. I
need you for rehearsal.
- I can help.
- Don't.
- Okay.
- David?
- All right. Paige. where are
you?
Right. You're the
understudy.
Do you know the steps?
- Uh. no.
- Well. a bit.
- [Ms. Harlow] Well. which
one is it?
Are you familiar with the pas
de deux?
- Um...
- Have you learnt it?!
- Not perfected. Like. I know
the steps.
It's just remembering them
is-
- She has trouble with
that.
- We have been running this
for weeks.
What are you doing in my
classes?
- I can take her through
the steps. Ms. Harlow.
if they're the same as last
year.
- You should know this.
You are the understudy.
But. Samantha. if you are
so
confident. front and
centre.
- No. no. I...
- Either you know it. or you
don't.
- Please.
- Look. just mark it
through.
All right? For now?
- Wait-
- Please. please. please.
I think you'll be
brilliant.
I can't handle it.
- Fine. Fine.
- Hey. You'll be fine.
- Just a mark.
- [Ms. Harlow] Thank you!
(gentle orchestral music)
(footsteps pattering)
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
- [Eve] Woo-hoo! You go.
girl!
- Who is out there?!
- Oops.
- [Ms. Harlow] Right.
Well.
that was not without
merit.
Be here at seven o'clock in
the
morning with bags and
shoes.
- [Sam] Bags?
- [Ms. Harlow] You dance.
you
live-in. You know the
rules.
(gentle music)
- [Ben] Hey. That's my
spot.
- Annie stole it first.
And now it's mine.
- You okay?
- Harlow wants her star
back. But I'm not her.
I can't.
Nobody can be her.
- Then don't be.
Just be Sam.
(gentle music continues)
She's pretty great when she
wants to be.
- But you saw what happened
in there. Ben.
You practically had to
drag me across the stage.
I don't even know if I can
still dance.
- Well. do you even want
to?
- I don't know anymore.
- One step at a time.
First. can you still
dance?
You already know the answer
to that.
- And then?
- Then you have to decide
if
this is really what you
want.
(Sam sighs)
(handle creaks)
(door opens)
(door creaks)
(gentle music)
(Sam sighs)
(gentle music continues)
(light switch clicks)
- [Sam] I want you to be here
with me.
how we planned. how it
was always supposed to
be.
- I'm not gonna be too far
away. Sam.
- You're gonna be in New
York.
- [Annie] And just don't let
Eve get you
into too much trouble while
I'm gone.
(gentle music continues)
- You know. Harlow wants
me to fill in for you
as Karen in "The Red
Shoes."
- You don't need my
permission to dance.
Sammy.
- I don't know. I think maybe
I do.
- Of course you don't.
You never did.
- [Sam] I just...
How am I gonna do this
without you?
- Because you're you. And
this is your dream too.
This is your opportunity.
- Harlow hates me.
She only puts up with me
because of you.
- You're a star without
me. and you know it.
Here.
They should fit.
- Won't you need these?
- They'll give me more when I
get there.
Plus. it's something
you can remember me by.
(gentle music continues)
- It was meant to be you
and me going together.
It was always meant to be us
together.
and now you're leaving and
you're-
- [Annie] Hey.
- You're...
(Sam sighs)
- Hey.
- I'm gonna miss you.
- Trust yourself. Sam.
This role was meant for
you.
(gentle music continues)
And. hey. this is your moment
to be seen.
And you're gonna be
there with me next year.
- Okay.
(gentle music continues)
- Perfect.
Can I finish packing?
(hands slapping)
(Sam laughs)
Thank you.
(both laughing)
(gentle music continues)
(Sam sighs)
♪ Lost in the low light ♪
♪ Creatures in neon ♪
♪ Tender nights ♪
♪ Sweet. sweeter memory ♪
♪ Every need in silvery
bleeding ♪
♪ From these scars untold
♪
(gentle music continues)
♪ Need. don't you tell me you
need it ♪
♪ Swallowing starlight.
holding me skintight ♪
♪ I know. I know it's all
right. but it's wrong ♪
♪ Dark. dark surrender ♪
♪ Never to hold on. ever in
withdrawn ♪
♪ Tears of neon ♪
♪ We go where they glow in
the dark ♪
(lively music)
♪ We go where they glow in
the dark ♪
(shoes clattering)
(barre crashes)
♪ Where. where ♪
♪ Oh. where. oh ♪
♪ We go where they glow ♪
♪ In the dark ♪
♪ Where. where ♪
♪ Oh. where. oh ♪
♪ We go where they glow ♪
♪ In the dark ♪
♪ Where. where ♪
♪ Oh. where. oh ♪
♪ We go where they glow ♪
♪ In the dark ♪
(gentle music)
(dancers chattering)
- Morning. Marcus.
Thank you.
All right.
(Ms. Harlow clapping)
Thank you.
Now. with Gracie injured.
I need to ensure we
can open without issue.
So. Paige. I'd like you
to
see me after class.
please.
And we'll go through-
(door opens)
(door closes)
Samantha. you're late.
- I had to pack.
- Paige. Barre then
choreology charts.
We still need an
understudy.
All right. Thank you.
Marcus.
Warm up.
- Where are those charts?
- [Andrea] I don't know.
Under your bed?
- [Ms. Harlow] And...
(gentle piano music)
Breathing.
Reaching one.
Long spine.
A five. six. seven.
échappé.
And two.
A one. plié and there
A one. and two.
And one plié and there.
Posé. And two.
And high on the relevé and
up.
And there.
And high on the relevé.
Hold.
Slide it. Gather.
That's it. Lengthen.
lengthen.
Back of the neck.
All right.
(gentle piano music)
Right. stop. Thank you.
Thank you. Marcus.
(Sam sighs)
What was that?
- Dancing?
- "Dancing"?
Well. you may have been
doing the steps. my dear.
but that was not dancing.
Only the most dedicated
dancers
get into this programme.
Let alone for a second
time.
So. dance.
From the lift. please. Thank
you.
(gentle piano music)
Stop!
I think I'm going to have to
have a word
with my junior teachers.
And the Australian
Company. for that matter.
If the two of you are
incapable
of performing a simple
lift.
we have clearly all failed at
our jobs.
Now. can I see it again.
please? Properly this
time.
(gentle piano music)
(doors opening)
- You'll find nothing's
changed.
- [Sam] Yeah. I can see
that.
- [Hannah] No food in
the rooms. as you know.
- [Sam] Mm-hmm.
- Music to be played
through
headphones only. after
nine.
- Headphones only. after
Yeah.
Same old. same old.
- Hey Sam.
- Oh. Hey. guys.
(Sam chuckles)
No. No. not this one.
- We thought it'd be nice for
you
to have something
familiar.
Here we are.
- All you need is a little
inspiration.
And I think that's it.
Sammy.
Hi.
- What?
- Voila.
- [Hannah] Are you all right.
dear?
- Sorry.
Sorry. I'm...
Yeah. I'm fine.
- Ms. Harlow kept this room
empty.
I think. somehow. she knew
you'd be back.
Well. okay. Another big day
tomorrow.
Get some rest.
(suitcase rumbling)
Hey.
- [Eve] Yes. I so needed
this.
- [Sam] How do you like
it?
- Can barely tell it's
vegan.
- [Sam] Right?
- So. what's up?
You all good?
- I just-
(ship horn blares)
I-
(engine rumbling)
- What?
- I...
Screw this. Follow me.
Come on.
(dogs barking)
- Not bad. Definitely
quieter.
- It's the only place
here I can get any peace.
- Mm. Deep.
- You're such a butt.
- Your face is a butt.
(soda splashes)
Hey!
(Sam laughs)
(Eve chuckles)
How did I end up with
such
a classy friend like you?
- Just lucky. I guess.
It's weird though. not
being
there with you at school.
- Yeah. Like you noticed.
- I seriously miss our
crew.
Even Freddy.
- And that is enough sugar
for you.
(both chuckling)
No. Freddy's all right.
He gets me.
- What. and I don't?
- You? Nah.
(Eve chuckles)
(gentle music)
You have parents.
I have a dad who's always at
work
or off shooting animals
with his weird friends.
And. somehow. there's never
a
dead deer in the
refrigerator.
which. actually. doesn't work
right now
'cause. apparently. you have
to pay
for electricity and rent.
Every month.
- Why didn't you tell me?
- You're not exactly around
much.
- You could've come and
stayed with me.
- Yeah. I bet your mom would
love that.
Sam. I don't blame you. I
mean. look at this life.
- This was her idea. I didn't
want this.
- Then you're an idiot.
Sam. this whole
opportunity.
you're so lucky.
- Everywhere I look. I see
Annie.
Everything reminds me of
her.
- We can't stop living
just
because we've lost
something.
- How am I supposed to fill
her shoes
when this was everything to
her?
- You gotta stop blaming
yourself.
You're dancing now because
this
is what you're meant to
do.
Even I saw that.
More sugar?
- No.
I'll be up all night.
- Want some of this
sugar?
(gentle music continues)
- I missed you.
- Hey. don't go all sooky on
me.
(Sam chuckles)
I miss you too.
(gentle music continues)
(Sam sighs)
(Sam sighing)
(Sam gasps)
- [Sam] Oh. no.
- Lift it. girls.
(door opens)
Lift the thighs.
(door closes)
Samantha. nice of you to
fit
us into you busy
schedule.
- Sorry. Ms. Harlow.
- And lift it.
Hold it.
Take your balance.
And a five. and a six.
and a seven. and eight.
Here we go.
(footsteps pattering)
(Sam groans)
Stop. please. Stop.
(Sam sighs)
Again.
Alive in the eyes. girls.
Ready?
And five. and a six.
and a seven. and eight.
Here we go.
(footsteps pattering)
Stop!
First. you come in late.
And now. you're putting
another dancer at risk.
Is this a game to you?
(Sam sighs)
- She. she's just-
- Quiet!
I know what you're capable
of. Samantha.
So. is it laziness.
or are you deliberately
trying to sabotage my
ballet?
Which is it?
The only way to dance
this
is by putting in the
work.
- I have been working.
- Then show me.
The death scene. The
batterie. please.
Just Samantha.
(Sam sighs)
Ready?
And...
No. See. it's weak and
sloppy.
Can I see some fouetté.
please?
- [Ben] Ms. Harlow...
- Quiet! I am not speaking to
you.
Whip. More whip.
Second up
(Sam sighs)
Again.
And...
There. Left side.
Length.
(Sam groans)
Again!
(Sam sighs)
Second up
Stop.
- I can't. I need to see
the...
- Oh. you need to see?
She needs to see. She
needs to see to dance.
Move! Quickly.
(footsteps pattering)
Come on.
More whip.
(Sam groans)
(Sam sighs)
Dance is felt. not seen.
If you want to know
what's
stopping you. it is right
there.
From the second solo.
please. Quickly. girls.
(footsteps pattering)
Watch the canon.
Show me the circle. Delicate
hands.
And...
Move. girls! Move!
(footsteps pattering)
All right. Enough.
Why does Karen cross the
stage there
and then raise her arms like
this?
Anyone?
- That's the
choreography?
- The mouse in the
corner.
"It's the choreography."
Anyone?
No? Samantha?
Understanding why you're
doing what you're doing.
not just what you're
doing.
that's what separates
the good from the great.
Annie Cavanaugh knew
that.
Again.
Again!
Quickly. girls.
Dawdling.
All right.
All right. stop. please.
Stop.
Girls. away. Quickly.
By yourself. Come on.
(Sam sighs)
(Sam clears throat)
Again.
No! Again!
I want you to take all that
negativity.
every tear you have
ever shed. and show me.
No. stop. Again.
Again.
Stop hiding.
Stop. Again.
Again.
Nope. Again.
Stop. Again.
- What do you want from
me?!
- I want to see more than
just
feet moving down the
stage.
Where's your pain. the
desperation. the loss?
You. of all people. should
understand
what it's like to lose
everything.
Oh. this is familiar.
Running away. Avoiding the
difficult work.
- I'm here! I have been
working!
- Not enough! Your sister
would've bared her soul!
- And now she's gone! I'm not
her!
- Good!
Good!
Let me see me who you
are.
(Sam sighs)
- Eve was right. there is
something
seriously wrong with her.
- She's tough. But she's
gotten me to where I am.
If it wasn't for her-
- You're defending her?
- [Ben] Gracie may not
recover in time.
- Well. then she'll have
to
make do with Paige! Too
bad!
- It's not just about Harlow.
Sam.
It's about me. and everyone
on that stage.
We're all relying on you.
So. do what she said. Find
you.
- What does that even
mean?
- Look. Annie was one of
the
best I've ever partnered.
not just because of her
feet.
or her line. but because
she believed in herself.
- Well. I don't know if I
do!
(gentle music)
- Well. you'd better find
out.
Otherwise. what's the
point?
(gentle music continues)
- These charts were written
by a spider.
- A drunk spider.
- Hey. Sam.
Just wanted to see if you're
okay.
- Yeah.
I. um...
- We came to your room
before. but you weren't
there.
- Yeah. I'm fine. Thanks.
- You know. I've never
seen her like that
before.
Do you need anything?
- A voodoo doll?
- I. um...
- You're not okay.
I know a crying sesh when I
see one.
- You don't even have to
talk.
- Yeah. Paige is good
enough with that on her
own.
- Oh. thanks.
Come on. Sam. How can you
say no to these faces?
Mm.
- Please?
- Come on.
(gentle music)
- Okay. Okay. fine.
(Andrea and Paige
squealing)
(all chuckling)
- Okay. firstly. what are we
wearing?
(Andrea laughs)
- [Andrea] You know. blue's
your colour.
(Sam chuckles)
- [Sam] So I can keep
the hat. you're saying.
- [Andrea and Paige]
Uh...
- Questionable.
(all laughing)
(gentle music)
(upbeat music)
(suitcase scraping)
(bed clatters)
♪ It's like I've seen a ghost
♪
♪ It's not like I'm not
capable of love ♪
♪ But I shut down when
I'm needing you the most
♪
♪ And let go of us ♪
♪ I shut you out ♪
♪ But just seeing you.
the wound it opens now ♪
♪ I wanna feel you even
if I feel the doubt ♪
♪ Don't wanna miss out on us
♪
- Other side.
And one.
Two.
♪ And maybe I'm afraid
that
all my scars will open ♪
♪ Could I break again if
everything is broken ♪
♪ If we love and lose ♪
- Saved you a seat. Sam.
♪ Better feeling rise and
fall ♪
♪ Than not feeling at all
♪
♪ At all ♪
♪ And I'm a mess ♪
♪ But you look at me
and only see the rest ♪
♪ See the beauty in my
pain when I see wreck ♪
♪ Don't wanna lose this.
don't wanna lose it ♪
♪ It plays over and over
♪
♪ And maybe I'm afraid
that
all my scars will open ♪
- Hey. so...
♪ Finally. I see a fire
in you's a flame in me ♪
- Freddy!
♪ Yeah ♪
- You okay?
♪ At least we feel a pain we
choose ♪
♪ Better feeling rise and
fall ♪
- And much better. Sam.
Good.
♪ At all ♪
♪ And if your heart breaks
first ♪
♪ At least you'll know
what love is worth ♪
♪ 'Cause you'll be
painting
stories better told ♪
♪ You'll ache in gold ♪
♪ You'll be painting stories
better told ♪
♪ You'll ache in gold ♪
♪ You'll be painting stories
better told ♪
♪ You'll ache in gold ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Sitting in a red glow ♪
♪ Fire and a brimstone ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ She could make my blood run
cold ♪
♪ Then molten. holy omen
♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Glisten in a midnight ♪
♪ Showing me her wild side
♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ She can bring the flood
tide ♪
♪ Drowning. falling. final
warning ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Fires from below ♪
♪ Devil that I know in ruby
♪
♪ Oh. she lures me ♪
♪ So ♪
♪ Throw your final blow ♪
♪ Melting in your all so
tender ♪
♪ I surrender to the fall
♪
♪ Damn. in a castle of your
own kind ♪
♪ Royals in your bloodline
♪
♪ Power glows in green eyes
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Fires from below ♪
♪ Devil that I know in ruby
♪
♪ Oh. she lures me ♪
♪ So ♪
♪ Throw your final blow ♪
♪ Melting in your all so
tender ♪
♪ I surrender to the fall
♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ I surrender to the fall
♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ I surrender to the fall
♪
(Ben panting)
♪ Oh ♪
- [Sam] Don't you ever
stop?
- Just needed to clear my
head.
- I know the feeling.
- The way you've been working
lately.
looks like you're finding
your feet again.
- One step at a time.
Why are you down here
though?
- [Ben] Just needed some
alone time.
- Sorry. do you want me to
go?
- No. No.
No. it's fine.
When's the last time you
danced. Sam.
just because you could?
- What do you mean?
- Just put on some music and
danced?
- I. I don't know.
- [Ben] Shoes.
(gentle piano music)
(gentle piano music
continues)
(gentle music)
(gentle music continues)
(lively music)
(lively music continues)
(gentle piano music)
- Whoa.
Uh. sorry to interrupt your
rehearsal.
- Or whatever.
- There's a girl outside
asking for you. Sam.
She wouldn't come in.
- Yeah. seriously. I
think were dealing with
a real life vampire situation
here.
- Andrea.
Shut up.
- [Eve] Oh. there's my
best
friend finally giving a
crap!
- Eve?
What's happened? Are you
okay?
- Am I okay?
No! I'm not okay!
You ghost me?! Stop
answering
my calls. my texts?!
- We had burgers just the
other day-
- [Eve] Yeah. two weeks
ago!
- I'm sorry. I meant to call.
but-
- I needed you!
- Come on. Eve. we should
just-
- No. I had nowhere to go.
Sam!
- Eve.
- I'm sorry. You can come
inside.
- My dad got put in the
hospital with some liver
thing;
we got kicked out of the
house!
- What? What's happened?
Freddy?
- My parents won't let girls
inside.
I've been sneaking her
in.
- Hey. come inside.
We can talk this through.
- No.
Do you know what? Freddy's
right.
I'll take my chances
alone.
I just...
I needed a friend. I thought
that was you.
- I'm here! You can come
inside!
- No. you're not here! You're
in there!
Just like everyone else.
Sam.
Never there when I need
you.
- Come on.
- Eve?
Eve!
- Just leave me alone.
(Sam sighs)
(teddy bear clatters)
- Thank you. Marcus.
Breathing. then rise.
Grands battement. balancé.
and. retiré
and there.
Good.
Benjamin. can you take
over for a moment.
please?
- Okay. Sure.
(gentle piano music)
Keep that heel forward.
- No. it's wonderful
news.
Absolutely. I'm delighted
too.
Yes. why not? Put her on.
Hello. you.
Back to it?
All right. I'll see you in
the morning.
Bells on.
(gentle orchestral music)
- She said wait in here.
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
- Enchanting. isn't it?
- I know this piece.
Annie. She used to dance
this.
- It's a simple story.
really.
Love.
Until you've deeply loved.
you
can't experience real
loss.
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
Why are you here.
Samantha?
- My mom. I...
I think she knew I still
wanted to dance.
Needed to.
- Well. it wasn't your
mother. It was me.
- Why?
Why would you want me back
after I...
- Last year was
difficult.
I know. but I believe-
- How could I come back
after...
How could I perform
again?
- Samantha. you have been
a
pupil at my school for how
long?
I like to think that we
teach
more than just ballet
here.
And I wasn't disappointed
that you didn't go on stage
that night.
I understood.
But I was hurt that you
didn't come back to us.
to yourself. your dream.
that you didn't trust
this
family to support you.
Losing Annie was difficult
for all of us.
I don't think I would've been
able
to process that either. by
myself.
(gentle music)
- [Sam] That's you.
- Yes.
Shortly after I lost my
fiance.
It was the most difficult
thing
I have ever had to
endure.
But it was dancing that
guided me through.
It was the people around
me.
(gentle music continues)
What happened to Annie
was not your fault. Sam.
And deep down. I think you
know that.
But now. I hope you're ready
to be
a true member of this
cast
because you have a
difficult choice to make.
Gracie has been cleared to
dance.
- Oh.
- Now. she's a member of this
family too
and she has fought hard to
get back.
- I've worked hard too.
I-
- Yes. I know.
But families support each
other.
And Gracie needs our support
now too.
(gentle music continues)
I'd really like you to work
with Paige
so she can really be a
true understudy for
Gracie.
And you are so welcome in
the corps de ballet. Sam.
I think your presence
would
really lift everyone up.
It is up to you though.
Not your mother. And not
me.
You.
(mellow music)
♪ In a midnight glow. I ain't
dreaming ♪
♪ Couldn't save myself make
believing ♪
♪ Still picking up your
hairpins on the floor ♪
♪ Like you came home ♪
(dancers chattering)
♪ Savour every trace of you
before ♪
♪ It's all long gone ♪
♪ You keep slipping. but I
stay down ♪
♪ And you can't save me now
♪
(Sam sighs)
♪ I keep falling deeper into
half life ♪
♪ Losing grip on the real
side ♪
♪ You can watch me let go
♪
♪ Linger in the limbo ♪
♪ I keep reaching further
in this dark room ♪
♪ Could've sworn that I saw
you ♪
♪ Dancing in a grey glow
♪
♪ Lurking in the limbo
tonight ♪
(Sam screams)
(bottle clatters)
♪ Now we're stuck in goodbye
♪
♪ Living half life ♪
♪ Now we're stuck in goodbye
♪
♪ Living half life ♪
♪ Now we're stuck in goodbye
♪
♪ Living half life ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Now we're stuck in goodbye
♪
♪ Living half life ♪
♪ Now we're stuck in goodbye
♪
♪ Living half life ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Now we're stuck in goodbye
♪
♪ Bye ♪
♪ Living half life ♪
♪ Goodbye ♪
♪ Now we're stuck in goodbye
♪
♪ Living half life ♪
♪ Now we're stuck in goodbye
♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Living half life ♪
♪ Now we're stuck in goodbye
♪
♪ Living half life ♪
(knife chopping)
- Sam.
- [Sam] Hey.
- Hey. kiddo.
You okay?
- Yeah. I just wanted to see
you guys.
I know I've been terrible
recently.
I wanted to say sorry.
I spoke to Ms. Harlow.
Gracie's coming back.
- Oh. sweetheart.
- No. no. It's okay.
Maybe next year will be my
year?
She offered me a place
in the corps though.
I don't know if you'd
want to come and watch
even if I'm just in the
back.
- Of course.
- [Bryan] We wouldn't
miss it for the world.
- I would love if Eve could
be there too.
- Are you sure that's a good
idea?
- We had a huge fight
recently.
I don't even know if she'd
show up.
- She'll come around.
- Yeah.
Well. I guess that's for her
to decide.
I just don't want to lose
anyone else.
- We love you. Sam.
- [Jennifer] Yeah. Come on.
sweetheart.
(Sam chuckles)
- Oh. Mom. Dad.
I have a favour to ask.
(birds chirping)
(basketball bouncing)
(players chattering)
(basketball rim rattles)
(basketball bouncing)
(gentle music)
(gentle music continues)
- The tempo around here
just
starts to get a little
bit...
(door closes)
- Hey.
Gracie. It's good to have you
back.
- [Gracie] Sure.
- Hey. can I take you through
the solo
after class. if you'd
like?
- Okay. Cool.
- All right. Enough
chatter.
Let's strip off and have
the plié. please.
First position.
Thank you. Marcus.
And five. and a six.
breathing. seven. and a
eight.
Plié
One.
Two.
Three.
(gentle orchestral music)
(Paige groans)
(Paige sighs)
- You're thinking too
much.
- I just...
Every time...
- Listen. You've got
the pas de deux nailed.
So just-
- I know.
You've been great. Ben.
He cues me when I tie up.
- [Ben] But I can't
help you with the solo.
- We just need to keep
running it.
- Can you just run it one
more time?
It's starting to sink in.
- Mark it in your head.
I'll run through it.
(gentle music)
Sorry. I just...
Ben. can you run her
through
it a couple more times?
I have to go.
- [Ben] Sure.
- We'll pick it up
tomorrow?
- Yeah. Is everything
okay?
- Yeah. it's just...
The universe is calling.
we're all connected.
(door opens)
(gentle music continues)
- [Freddy] Hey.
- [Eve] You're late.
- [Freddy] So you started
without me. huh?
- If I waited for you. I'd
starve.
- Hardly. All you do is
eat.
Mm. Yum.
(Freddy sighs)
So. remember you said if
I told Sam where you
were.
you would kill me?
Well. it was her idea.
- You're so dead. Freddy!
- It wasn't his fault.
I told him he could take me
out sometime.
- I trusted you!
- Hey. Eve.
Eve. wait. Please!
- No. I trusted you too.
You and Freddy!
- I know.
- And the first chance
you got. you bailed on me
when I actually needed
you.
- I just...
I needed some time to work
some stuff out.
- We all do. Sam! That's the
point!
When you needed me. I was
there.
How many nights did we talk
about Annie?!
Sam. I-
- I know.
- No. I didn't mean-
- No. it's okay.
I know it's taken awhile.
but I finally feel.
I don't know. okay.
Eve. I'm so sorry.
I know I let you down. but
I'm here now.
(gentle music)
- Well. thanks to you. I'm
now addicted
to those vegan burgers.
so-
- No.
Not the hunter's
daughter.
(both chuckling)
I missed you.
- I know you have.
- [Sam] You butt.
- Your face is a butt.
(Eve chuckles)
- [Sam] Come on.
(Eve laughs)
So. Freddy...
- [Freddy] Mm-hmm?
- How about I get you a
date with her instead?
- Hmm.
She paying?
(Sam chuckles)
- Come on. I have something
to show you.
(gentle music continues)
- Are you sure about
this?
- You need somewhere
proper to sleep. don't
you?
- There's clothes in the
closet.
- Thanks. Mrs C.
- Sweats. Ts. A dress or two.
even.
I can wash those jeans
for you. if you like.
What's left of them.
(gentle music continues)
- How did you persuade
her?
- I just told her how much
you mean to me.
Stay as long as you like.
Just try not to annoy her too
much?
- Oh. wait. you're not
dumping
me here and going back
there?
Sam...
- I'll stay in touch this
time. I promise.
(gentle music continues)
- So you're dancing
again?
- Yes.
I'm in the concert.
Excited. actually.
- Go. I'll be fine.
And thanks.
(shoe banging)
(gentle piano music)
(Ms. Harlow clapping)
- Spacing. quickly.
And there. And there.
Higher. Isabelle. There we
go.
Follow the arm.
(gentle piano music
continues)
Two. three. four.
And one. and two.
And lift your spot.
Ruby there.
A one. and two.
Nice Sam. Good. yes.
(gentle music)
Nice feet. Nice feet.
That's it.
All right.
Stretch allongé. please.
Stretch your arms. Arms.
Your hands look like
socks on a line. David.
(dramatic orchestral
music)
- [Ben] You okay?
- Do you need something?
- It's fine.
(dramatic orchestral music
continues)
- Good. Much better.
All right. let's move on.
- [Jennifer] You sure
you don't want to come?
- I don't want to be
a distraction for Sam.
- She really cares about you.
Eve.
And because of that.
you'll
always have a place here.
Okay?
- You know what? Give me
two.
(gentle piano music)
(gentle piano music
continues)
(door opens)
(door closes)
- All right. dancers.
ready?
Just make sure your
skirt...
So. feet. faces. feeling
good.
All right.
Toi toi toi. everyone.
Ah. Samantha. Thank you
for your work with Paige.
It's been very helpful.
- I learnt a lot as well.
- And your parents are in
tonight. so that's good.
- Yes. Won't be too
weird for them. I hope.
- And your friend?
- Maybe.
She's been going through a
lot lately.
Things have been hard for
her. so...
- And you?
(gentle piano music)
- I'm getting there. I
think.
- Well. just be yourself.
Samantha.
and everything will
slowly fall into place.
(gentle piano music
continues)
(Sam sighs)
- We'll give him another two
minutes.
(doors opening)
Ah. Freddy.
Mr. and Mrs. C. Freddy.
- Hi.
Wow. This is all a little
la-de-da.
- [Eve] Idiot.
- [Bryan] We'd better find
our seats.
- [Eve] Where were you?
- [Freddy] Relax.
- [Marion] Five minutes.
Gracie.
(door knocking)
- Toi toi toi.
- Not "break a leg"?
- Enjoy it. Gracie. You've
earned this.
(gentle orchestral music)
- Stand by. FS 6 and follow
Spot 1.
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
(gentle orchestral music)
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
- There she is.
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
(lively orchestral music)
(gentle orchestral music)
(Gracie whimpering)
(shoes clattering)
- [Ms. Harlow] Gracie? What's
going on?
- Where's Sam? Get Sam!
- Talk to me. What's going
on?
- I don't want to embarrass
us.
Just get Sam!
(gentle music)
- Gracie. I can't.
- Yes. you can.
Look.
(gentle music continues)
Think it's yours anyway.
- I think you'd better
hurry.
- What's happening?
- I don't know. Something
must be wrong.
- [Ms. Harlow] Sam? Why
aren't you ready?
- I just...
I shouldn't. I can't do
this.
- Sammy.
- No.
No. I'm not ready for
this. Paige. get Paige.
- [Ms. Harlow] Sam.
- I don't want it
anymore.
this responsibility.
This was never meant to be
me.
- Samantha. Just breathe.
(Sam exhales)
(both exhaling)
Shoe.
(gentle music)
Greatest performers.
artists.
they all share a deep
desire to tell a story.
And it will always be. in
some part. their own
story.
And the ability to convey
that.
to truly share their
deepest
fears and pain and love.
that's what makes them
great.
- That's not me.
- You have a story to tell.
Samantha.
You have suffered a great
loss.
but that is not the only
story you have to tell.
Happiness would mean
nothing without sadness.
Your vision will become
clear
only when you can look
into your own heart.
Who looks outside dreams.
who looks inside.
awakes.
- Jung?
- Mm-hmm. Annie's
favourite.
(gentle music continues)
It's time to tell your story.
Sam.
Show me.
Now.. I think we need a
better dress.
- Here we go.
(lively orchestral music)
(gentle orchestral music)
It's Samantha.
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
(frenzied orchestral
music)
(dramatic orchestral
(dramatic orchestral music
continues)
(frenzied orchestral
music)
(gentle orchestral music)
(gentle orchestral music
continues)
- Woo! Yeah. you go.
girl!
- Woo!
(audience applauding)
- Hey. when did this
happen?
(dancers chattering)
- Hey. oh. my god. It was so
good.
(audience continues
applauding)
(audience cheering)
(Bryan laughs)
(audience cheering and
applauding)
(audience continues
cheering and applauding)
(Bryan laughs)
(Sam sighs)
- Well done. Samantha.
Beautiful performance.
Benjamin said that your
parents are here.
- Would you mind asking
him
to show them through. Ms.
Harlow?
I just need a moment.
(bag rustles)
- Cool show. Great job.
So does all that
on-your-toe-stuff hurt your
feet?
- Only when I stand up.
- [Freddy] Ah.
- We're so grateful.
- You must be so proud.
- We are.
- Did Samantha say where she
was?
- She would be so proud.
I know I am.
(Sam sighs)
Come on.
- You were incredible.
- [Sam] Thanks.
I can't believe you guys made
it.
- You were amazing.
- Thanks.
- So proud of you. kiddo.
Can't believe it. You were
the lead.
- [Sam] Yeah. it was quite a
shock.
- What happened?
- Were you nervous?
- Yes. absolutely.
- Did you have fun?
- [Sam] Couldn't you
tell?
- Yeah-
- Hey. Mr. and Mrs. C.
can I speak to Sam?
- Yeah.
- Sure.
- Thank you.
- You were amazing.
Thank you...
- Sorry.
(Sam chuckles)
I've been wanting to do
that.
- Hey. Sam...
- Whoa.
I think we're gonna go
over-
- Over there.
- Yeah. Yep.
(hand slaps)
(Freddy groans)
- Freddy! In your dreams!
- [Freddy] The universe told
me to do it.
Far out.
(Eve chuckles)
- [Eve] Come on!
(both chuckling)